no matter where you are, there's never convenient time to have a child.
It always detracts from professional life and what you want to do.
Uh uh, or other things you might want to D'oh! Um, the Navy is can
be a bit more stressful in that way because, uh, you all you might have
a child while you're deployed. That is a huge stretcher. I have
many friends. I've had that happen to you. That does not happen to me.
Fortunately, I've been present for all of my kid's birthday at births
and been able to be available to my wife, but during those times,
But that's definitely consideration. So if you know you're gonna
have a kid while you're going to be deployed, you need to make sure
there's a solid support network to help your help your wife out. When,
while she's at home